This repository contains RP3 Group 7's assigned Python Notebook (based off the design created and provided by Dr. Cousins) and any other scripts written for the purposes of this RP.

In phase 1, the technology models for both Fermentation and Nuclear Fission utilizing the provided datasets from Dr. Cousins. The dataset for Nuclear Energy has been editied to better reflect the needs of an SMR wich has a capacity of 100MW instead of 1000MW (divided everything by 10). The nuclear fission model essentially models the amount of power generated by the SMR. Similarly, the fermentation model models the amount of energy produced in kwh/ton. 

Phase 2 includes a the production of a power-time series from the data and toy demand profile of Corner Brook, Newfoundland. More information available on how energy demand was calculated is in the notebook and associated RP3 report. Additional plots and code were added to account for the hydrogen production coupled with the SMR (more details available in the actual notebook) via High-Temperature Steam Electrolysis. Phase 2 also involves the production of both a discrete dynamical model of storage and an ODE model of storage as well as one for hydrogen production. Associated plots of stored energy and hydrogen production have also been made for both the discrete and ODE model. Any associated questions have been answered in the notebook as well.


Running instructions:
1. Ensure that the data files for the synthetic nuclear data and fermentation are present in the data folder.
2. Ensure that the notebook and data folder are within the same folder if you intend on downloading this program.
3. Press the run all button, the program should run seamlessly from start to finish.
